## Requirements for using this repo

1. Python 3.11 environment (eg. via conda)
1. All appropriate conda/pip packages installed in current environment
   - tensorflow (GPU) (documentation TBD)
   - matplotlib
   - scikit-learn
   - pandas
   - jupyter (documentation TBD)
   - tensorflow_datasets
   - yapf
   - pylint
   - pytype (on hold until supports python 3.11)
   - termcolor
   - python_dotenv
   - openai
   - grpcio (the conda version installed by tensorflow-deps - may have to manually reinstall it)
   - protobuf (the conda version installed by tensorflow-deps - may have to manually reinstall it)
   - NOTE: I am currently building the grpc stuff with the newest but using the older one to run it - that may cause issues
     - there is no other way because grpcio-tools on conda doesn't support old grpcio
     - if any issues are noted later, I might have to look into docker-izing specific parts of the repo or something
       - or let some things be broken on Mac, which would get rid of these issues, but since I use my Mac a lot, that would suck
1. a conda environment called `bazel-protoc` that has Python 3.11 and nothing installed but `conda install grpcio-tools`.
   - This is a hack that is needed due to dependency hell between grpcio-tools and tensorflow.
   - NOTE: You do not need to activate that environment yourself for any commands - the bazel rules will handle themselves.
1. _PYTHONPATH_ set to the location of this repo so that you can import modules relative to it.
1. _PYLINTRC_ set to the .pylintrc file in this repo (TODO: revisit this procedure later).

## VSCode Setup

You probably want to set up setting sync and make a workspace for this repo (at least).

Recommended Extensions:

1.  Python (set the interpreter to the one for your environment)
1.  PyLint
1.  autoDocstring (google style)
1.  TensorFlow 2.0 Snippets
1.  Pandas Basic Snippets
1.  WSL (if on Windows using WSL)

Other Settings:

1.  Set yapf as formatting provider and add the args '--style' and 'google' for yapf

## Running Tests

For Python, testing is done via _test.py_ at the top of the repo. TODO: other languages (bazel to encapsulate?)

See the docstring at the top of that file for all the options.

Examples:

1. `python3 -m test`
   - whole repo
1. `python3 -m test ~/repos/projects/machine_learning.common`
   - some subfolder of the repo
1. `python3 -m test ~/repos/projects/machine_learning.common.checks_tests.py`
   - single file
1. `python3 -m test ~/repos/projects/machine_learning.common.checks_tests.py/ChecksTests.test_check_condition_false`
   - single method

## Before Commiting (TODO: make a hook)

1. `yapf --style google --recursive --in-place [repoPath]`
   - TODO: other languages too (for now manually Format Document in VSCode when change)
1. `pylint [repoPath]`
   - TODO: other languages too
   - NOTE: this will catch more things than pylint in VSCode will catch
1. TODO: type checking step when pytype is ready for 3.11
1. Manually run formatting in jupyter notebooks changed
1. `python3 -m test`
   - TODO: other languages (probably use Bazel or similar to handle dependencies and such)

# Angular Part

Angular CLI sees the SpaceBot app as `spacebot-app` (eg. `ng serve spacebot-app`).

The code for the app is located in the `app` folder of the `spacebot` subfolder within the repo.

NPM Dependencies (global):

- pnpm (for generating lock file manually - not used by build yet)

# Generated by Angular CLI

## Projects

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.0.2.

### Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

### Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

### Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

### Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
